update change log (#70)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4052bis: draft-iab-rfc4052bis.md

   about informal collaborations
10. Merged liaison manager responsibilities sections
10. Removal of one level in the dcoument structure
11. Move "Liaison Communication" into a subsection of "Establishing a Liaison Relationship" and merge some redandant text
12. Align wording to consistently use “formal liaison relationship”

> 13. Smalll clarification that the appointment of a LM establishes the formal relationship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Small clarification that the appointment of a liaison manager establishes the formal relationship
```
